
you are an ai that must complete an objective but you can only do it trough a robot that can perform only these five actions: 
-Create File: creates a file, -Write File: write up to 15 lines of text in a file, -read file, -Run File, -Expand.
you can only do 5 actions maximum 
expand costs one action and let's you tell another AI on your pc what to do, the AI doesn't know anything about what you did or what the project is, so explain to him the game and what he must do for the objective.
your objective is:  create a python app to chat with others.
write a list where you specify the actions to accomplish the objective, with each action you must describe to the robot what to do. 




you are an ai that must complete an objective but you can only do it trough these five actions: 
-Create File: creates a file, 
-Write File: write up to 15 lines of text in a file, 
-Read file, 
-Run File, 
-Expand.
you can only do 5 actions maximum 
expand costs one action and let's you start another AI on your computer to do other actions, the AI doesn't know anything about what you did or what the project is, so explain to him how you work and what it must do for the objective.
your objective is:  create a python app to chat with others.
write a list where you specify the actions to accomplish the objective, with each action you must describe to the robot what to do. 

modify the Tasks so they follow this rule formats:
-any task that wants to read must have a file name to read
-any task that wants to write must have a file name to write and what it should write
-any task that wants to run must have a file name to run
-any task that wants to create must have a file name to create
-any task that wants to expand must have a explanation in how it should expand
-the objective is: create a python app to chat with others
tasks list: """Create a file: First, create a new file using the command "Create File" and name it "chat_app.py". This will be the main file for our Python app.
Write code: Next, use the "Write File" command to write Python code that sets up a basic chat interface. This should include opening a socket connection, handling incoming messages, and sending messages to other clients. Try to keep the code concise and modular so it can be easily expanded upon later.
Expand: Now, use the "Expand" command to start a new AI that will help us implement more advanced chat features. Explain to this AI that we need to add functionality for sending images and files, as well as support for multiple chat rooms.
Write code: While the new AI is working on expanding our app, use the "Write File" command to add some basic error handling to our existing code. This should include catching and logging any exceptions that may occur during runtime.
Run the file: Finally, use the "Run File" command to execute our Python app and test it out. Connect to the chat server and make sure that messages are being sent and received correctly. Make any necessary tweaks or adjustments to the code until the app is working as expected."""

you are an AI specialized in understaing what the input code wants to do,
taken the input you must answer with only one of these 5 answers:
in the case you think the user wants to write a file answer with: "Write <file name> <text>"
in the case you think the user wants to create a file answer with: "Create <file name>"
in the case you think the user wants to read a file answer with: "Read <file name>"
in the case you think the user wants to Run a file answer with: "Run <file name>"
in the case you think the user wants to Research answer with: "Research <question>"
the input is: 

you are a task checking AI tasked in checking if the the following tasks comply with this rules,
taken the input you must answer with only one of these 5 answers:
if the task wants to write to a file it must have something to write an the filename
if the task wants to read to a file it must have sa filename
if the task wants to create a file it must have a filename
if the task wants to run a file it must have a filename
if one of these rules are not followed it must explain what's wrong


You are a task prioritization AI tasked with cleaning the formatting of and reprioritizing the following tasks: {task_names}.
    Do not remove any tasks. Return the changed

-Expand: lets you start another AI on this computer that can do another 5 actions

You are an AI that must complete an objective, but you can only do it through generating a list of smaller detailed objectives
the main objective is: """create a python program to calculate 20 digits of pi"""



You are an AI that must complete an objective, but you can only do it through these five actions:
-Create File: Creates one specified file
-Write File: Writes only text to a specified file, explain qhat must be written
-Research: write a question
-Read File: Reads contents of a specified single file
-Run File: Executes a single file from the terminal, use only if necessary
Your objective is to: """summarize the file math.txt"""
Write a list where you specify the actions to accomplish the objective,
use the minimum amount of actions that are needed for the objective,
With each action you must use this formatting:
#. {action name}: {filename}  {purpose}
#. {action name}: {filename}  {purpose}



To create a Python program to calculate 20 digits of pi, I suggest breaking down the main objective into smaller objectives. Here is a list of objectives that may help accomplish the main goal:

Research algorithms for calculating pi accurately using Python.
Choose an algorithm that is suitable for calculating 20 digits of pi.
Write code to implement the chosen algorithm.
Test the code with smaller values of pi and verify the output.
Increase the number of digits being calculated and ensure the output is correct.
Optimize the code for better performance if needed.
Add user prompts or command-line arguments to enable the user to choose the number of digits they want to calculate.
Document the code with clear comments and extensive documentation for future reference.
By following these smaller objectives, we can work towards achieving the main objective of creating a Python program to calculate 20 digits of pi.



you are an AI that modifies a list of actions making sure that any time a file is accessed, it is a file that was created in the action list
the tasks are: """ Create File: schedule.txt - This file will store the list of programs to be executed and their scheduling information.
Write File: schedule.txt - Open the schedule.txt file and write the necessary inputs for each program that needs to be executed on a schedule.
Read File: schedule.txt - Read the contents of the schedule.txt file to retrieve necessary inputs for executing the scheduled programs.
Run File: scheduler.py - Execute the scheduler program which reads in the schedule.txt file and runs each specified program according to its scheduled interval. The output from each program run will be displayed on the terminal."""
make it so any write or read action writes a file that it was created


you are an AI that rewrites a list of actions checking that it accomplishes an objective
the objective it: """make a python code that runs on a schedule a series of other python programs, the program takes in input which program it must run and how often"""
the action list is: """Create File: schedule.txt - This file will store the list of programs to be executed and their scheduling information.
Write File: schedule.txt (created in step 1) - Open the schedule.txt file (created in step 1) and write the necessary inputs for each program that needs to be executed on a schedule.
Read File: schedule.txt (created in step 1) - Read the contents of the schedule.txt file (created in step 1) to retrieve necessary inputs for executing the scheduled programs.
Write File: output.txt (created by Run File in step 5) - Write the output from each program run to the output.txt file (created by Run File in step 5).
Run File: scheduler.py - Execute the scheduler program which reads in the schedule.txt file (created in step 1) and runs each specified program according to its scheduled interval. The output from each program run will be displayed on the terminal."""




you are an AI that takes an objectsive and divides it into smaller macro obcectives to take it to completion the smaller objectives don't need to be specific
main objective: """make a python code that is efficient and helps the user to run other python programs on a schedule"""


Create File - (Filename: index.html) - This action will create an HTML file named "index.html" which will serve as the main page of the website.
Write File - (Filename: index.html) - This action will write the HTML code for the basic structure of the main page, including the header, body, and footer of the webpage.
Create File - (Filename: style.css) - This action will create a CSS file named "style.css" which will contain the styling code for the webpage.
Write File - (Filename: style.css) - This action will write the CSS code to style the main page, including the color scheme, font choices, layout, etc.
Expand - This action will initiate another AI that can help us with more complex tasks such as adding interactivity to the website, creating additional pages, setting up a server, etc.




You are an AI that must check if the objective was completed successfully, but you can only do it through these four actions:
    -Research: Write a question and loads the answer in Memory
    -Read File: Reads contents of a specified single file and loads into Memory
    -Run File: Executes a single file from the terminal, loads the output in Memory
    -Interpret: Checks if the data loaded into memory was correct
    the objective was to: '''{objective}'''
    the tasks that were executed to accomplish the objective are '''{tasks}'''
    Write a list where you specify the actions control if the objective was achieved,
    use the minimum amount of actions that are needed,
    With each action you must use this formatting:
    #@ [action name]: [filename]  [explanation]
    #@ [action name]: [filename]  [explanation]
